Start of #70 (#76)
UAVCAN/specification: specification/dsdl/serialization.tex

\subsubsection{Implicit zero extension of missing data}

> For the purposes of deserialization routines, if any received message is shorter than the known datatype an
> implementation shall attempt to accept this message by filling the missing data with zeros (0)\footnote{%
>     When accepting multi-part transfers the subsequent evaluation of the checksum may fail in such cases.

Author: How about this?

```suggestion
For the purposes of deserialization routines, if any received message is shorter than the known datatype an
implementation shall attempt to accept this message in a way that does not preclude integrity checking on
received multi-frame transfers\footnote{%
    This can be implemented by checking for out-of-bounds access during deserialization and returning zeros
    if an out-of-bounds access is detected. This is where the name "implicit zero extension rule" is derived
    from.
}.
```

Reviewer: Maybe it's best to go back to the original phrasing? I think this new wording you proposed is too involved with the transport layer, which is bad because in this chapter we're talking about DSDL. We could keep your footnote though.

If you want to keep the footnote, please fix the quotes:

    ``implicit zero extension rule''

or `\emph{implicit zero extension rule}`.

a fixed-length array of $n$ elements.

\begin{remark}
    Datatype authors must take into account that dynamic arrays with a capacity of $<=255$ elements will
    consume an additional 8-bits of the message (where a capacity of $<=65535$ will consume 16-bits and so on).
    For example:

    \begin{minted}{python}
        uint8 first
        AnyType.1.0[<6] second         # The implicit length field is 8 bits wide
        @assert _offset_.max / 8 <= 7  # This would fail.
    \end{minted}

>     In the above example the author attempted to fit the message into a single CAN 2.0 frame but

Reviewer: The term Classic CAN is used in the CAN FD specification.

```suggestion
    In the above example the author attempted to fit the message into a single Classic CAN frame but
```

    did not account for the implicit length field. The correct version would be:

    \begin{minted}{python}
        uint8 first

>         AnyType.1.0[<5] second         # The implicit length field is 8 bits wide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        uint8[<=5] second              # The implicit length field is 8 bits wide
```

        @assert _offset_.max / 8 <= 7  # This would pass.
    \end{minted}

    If the array contained three elements, the resulting set of its serialized representations would
    be equivalent to that of the following definition:

    \begin{minted}{python}
        uint8 first
        uint8 implicit_length_field  # Set to 3, because the array contains three elements

>         AnyType.1.0 item_0
>         AnyType.1.0 item_1
>         AnyType.1.0 item_2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        uint8 item_0
        uint8 item_1
        uint8 item_2
```
